Specify to use the 3.x branch (#5354)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdnative/gdnative_cpp_example.rst

branch. Also, note that the version of Godot you use to generate the ``api.json``
with becomes your minimum version.

> .. note::
> 
>     Currently, GDExtentions has been merged into the master branch of godot-cpp. Therefore use the 3.x branch to use GDNative and follow this example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    `GDExtension <https://godotengine.org/article/introducing-gd-extensions>`__ has been merged in the ``master`` branch of godot-cpp,
    but it is only compatible with the upcoming Godot 4.0.
    Therefore, you need to use the ``3.x`` branch of godot-cpp to use GDNative
    and follow this example.
```
